Admin Stack: Show Prompt if navigating into a nested Stack, even if subRoutes would normally not show Prompt (#1955)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fast-dodos-compete.md

---
"@comet/admin": minor
---

> Add `ForcePromptRoute`, a `Route` that triggers Prompt even if it is a subroute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `ForcePromptRoute`, a `Route` that triggers a prompt even if it is a subroute
```

> Use it in `StackSwitch`, so that navigating to a nested stack subpage will show a Prompt (if dirty)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Used in `StackSwitch` so that navigating to a nested stack subpage will show a prompt (if dirty)
```

It's not necessary to change anything in the application, right?

Author: yes, when StackSwitch is used no changes are needed.
